in January 2012 one couple moved into a
new home the events that followed have
never been explained how this also
killed me so stink we're investigating
paranormal activity at the Johnson
residence and suburban Los Angeles yeah
I kicked you in your ghost balls I got
some for you
hi I'm Jeff he must be Malcolm yeah
that's pretty good
how'd you know haha psychic yeah I have
a lot of powers all over my body how far
are you gonna go to get this demon out
I'll do anything
what is this supposed to do this just
got weird what you take me for Keisha
weak does we can't be on no TV can't
wait to get my hands on this food sorry
y'all sad no don't do that what happens
in your furniture cast
I have a little something to help
alleviate some of that stress okay I'll
do it
she was the most vitamins father Doug
Mitchell
unpossessed you you know how to connect
the cuts
tic-tac-toe in your face breath is
kickin I got only imagine what the kid
is we're like
and if you think that's some freaky
stuff when - you see what happens
hopefully - right here on Facebook and
Twitter
and don't forget to like us and follow
us